{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16000\viewh11380\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TEAM MP3 - MP3 Player Design Logbook\
\
9/18/25\

\f1\b0 \
	While each of us have a number of ideas we would like to implement into our MP3 design, it was decided it\'92s best to start off with a simple Proof of Concept. Our main goal as of right now is to design a POC that can power on and immediately play an MP3 file that is stored on an SD card. The method of power supply, be it battery powered or non, isn\'92t of concern at the moment, however will need to be decided soon once we make the final decision on component selection.\
	Component selection still requires further research. At the moment we have a basic idea of what essential components are needed (listed in our block diagram as of the stated date of this entry). Based on superficial research and some feedback from our professor it is seeming like the VS1003B module will be the ideal main essential component for our first prototype as it can handle a number of tasks such as MP3 decoding, features a built in DAC, and more. Example schematics from other people\'92s projects seem to also be available to find online. Additionally Amazon sells a development board for only $10, which makes it ideal for prototyping on a breadboard. \
	So far, it feels best to use the VS1003B module as a base for further decision making such as component selection and see how we can modify our block diagram accordingly. The more research and examples we look into with this module, hopefully the clearer our design document will become.}